# P3 3-设置和代码库理解 英文字幕

## ASR 英文字幕
- [0.0-55.0] The first example will work on is an end to m rag chapt. Let's use use cloud code to explore the code base before we start using cloud code to read lots of code for u. Let's talk about how we can use this tool to get up to speed on larger code basis. Right here, I have an application where I can chat with cloud about course materials from deep learning ai. So let's try asking an outline, of course, for example, what is the outline of the M. CP build rich context, AI apps with the thropp. We'll see here that i'll get a response with quite a bit of detail around the lessons and descriptions for each of those lessons. With that mind. Let's see how we can get up this feed on the underlying code that powers this application back in the s. Code. I have the terminal open here, and i'm going to hoop into cloud code just by typing in cloud and pressing enter.
- [55.0-110.0] In this application, I can start chatting with Michael base S, O. I'm going to start with a high level question just to give me an overview of the code base. What we're going to to see cloud code duis agenticity search over the code base, figure out some of the most important files and give me a description of what's happening in this application instead of searching through each individual file, we're going to a agenticity search and find the most relevant once S. O. Here, we're going to get some information about the architecture, the key components, some of the features. And now if there are particular things I wanted digit, I can easily do o, that. I can also ask other higher level questions. Like how are these documents process sin this application? We're using retrieval augmented generation to fetch information about bees courses. If I want to get more information about that process, I can ask a question like this one.
- [110.0-165.0] We'd like to say that cloud code is a fantastic engineer along side you, but it's an even better explainer SO. As you're getting up dispute with new code basis with new datasets. First, start using cloud code as a way to explain things to you S, O, that when you ask it to a ray code, you can have a better understanding of what's going on. Here. We can see the sources in the code base that are actually split, lit text into chunks that are adding lesson context and that are storing course method ata. This ability to quickly get up to speed with a code base, especially when you might not be familiar with the underlying technology or language is exceptionally valuable instead of navigating to each of these folders ers and figuring out what's going on. We can ask more specific questions and even get diagrams and disulfide made for us. S. O. The first thing all as cloud is to trace the process of handle.
- [165.0-220.0] In a users query from front end to backend, you can imagine you might have some limited knowledge. And one of the parts of the stack or you're not familiar with how this is all happening. So o cd code is going to give U. S quite some useful information here. What's useful when you're seeing cloud code work, is ITA ability to give you a bit of a to DO list SO, you can start to understand what's happening at any point in time. You can press the escape and guide cloud code to follow a different set of to duce. But in this case, I feel pretty good about what it's doing going to start tracing from the front and start following api and points analyze our retrieval augmented generation system and then figure out how to actually generate the response is reading the appropriate files that are handled in these particular task and finishing up IT list to give us a powerful summary as we're in.
- [220.0-275.0] In this environment, we can stay with in vs code or open up cloud code and its own dedicated terminal instance. That's completely up to you as you're working in this application. Once it's done, we can see a very detailed path for what's happening here. Not only can I read each of these step by step, I can even ask cloud to write this to a file, but I seeing in quite a bit of detail what's happening on the front end with some jaskett. What happens once that reaches my back and what the retrieve augmented generation system is doing, how I generating a response. Finally, how and searching through my vector database, how many filtering, what's necessary, getting a response back, and then finally, sending that to the user. There's a lot that's s going on in this application. And I can use, clad to dive deeper into any of those pieces. But let's just say, I learned best from visualizations SO. Let's ask cd to draw a diagram.
- [275.0-330.0] That illustrate this flow, we can ask cloud, draw diagrams for web visualizations. We can ask for, ask DR, but let's see what cloud comes up with, with its own intelligence and knowledge of how the application works. SO, let's see what cloud code has come up with. We've got a really nice diagram here showing us the step by step process S, O. We can create these visual diagrams. We could always ask IT to use something like d three J, S, or recharge if we want something like a web application, but we can see right here. We've got a really nice diagram from the front end, making a request to the back and calling the necessary functions, generating the response necessary if there's any history involved talking directly to the large language model with our system proms and our tools and a quire figuring out where to go next. Searching through our vector database using croma D. B. Getting back results.
- [330.0-385.0] Formatting that sending it to the model to produce a final response. There's quite a bit of detail that goes into this. And if we want, we can even argument code with additional tools for generating the visualizations that we want, but add the box just getting this information quickly and efficiently is going to help U. S. Get up to speed with this code base in a fraction of time that we used to speed S. O. With that in mind, let's ask a very simple question. How do OI run this application? You might be in the situation where there's a new technology here, a new idea. Very simply. It's nice to just know how to get up in run. I can see here my AP, I documentation, my webb interface. And if there are any environment arabes, S, I need a good to go. Now. You've an idea of ve had to just start talking to cloud code. Let's talk a little bit about some of the more powerful features with cloud code. When you start working with an application. And.
- [385.0-440.0] Code. One of the first things we recommend you, D, O, is run a command called slash, and IT. You can see here in cloud code when I have the slash, we have a list of many built in commons that I can use slash. And IT allows me to initialize a cd MD file with the code base documentation, the class MD file is mission critical for introducing memory for cloud code S, O, that IT knows how best to work in your code base. The cloud MD file is very useful for specifying how you want things to be run. This could be your tests, this could be your linking. And any long term memory that you want cloud to have each time you are working with cloud code for this particular project instead of making this from scratch, flash h. And it is going to analyze the code base to figure out at a high level. What IT should know about each time you are working with this application, there are three different code.
- [440.0-495.0] Md files that you can make like the one generated with flash, and IT all the way here on the left, this cloud MD file lives in your application. You can have many of them in nested subvocals, but this is shared with other engineers and committed, dear version control. Another option is, if you have personal instructions and customizations things specific for your editing and environment and terminal environment, you can put that in and called out local dot MD file. This is get ignored and not shared with other engineers. Finally, in your home directory in the dog cloud, further, you can add a cloud MD, and you can think of this like a global cloud MD for all projects on your machine. This is helpful if you want cloud to follow instructions across a wide range of projects that you build with cloud code.
- [495.0-550.0] We can go ahead and allow cloud code to find different files. S, O, that IT knows how best to create this cloud. MD file, this cloud MD file is meant to be added to your current get project and shared with other team members as more individuals work on the code base they can add to this cloud MD file, and you can even nest cloud MD files in subdirectory if you need more specific instructions for things like the back end or front end. Or our docks that we have here. What's really nice about using the tool like cloud code with visual studio code. Is that, as I see changes to files, I can see those visually in my editor. And any time that I am using a tool in cloud code, it's going to ask me for permissions. This mission critical human in the loop is really important when you get up in running, and if you don't need cloud, ask you every.
- [550.0-605.0] Single time can always use the second option. We'll go ahead and auto to accept those edits, and we'll see that a cd MD file has been created for U. S. To give you a quick walk, walk, though we can see it given us a project overview, key technologies and architectural overview and a nice little diagram here. Some core components and much more if we want things to change to this particular cloud MD, we can easily DO, SO. As IT continues searching the code base, IT makes additional edits here to my cloud M, D, and gives me a summary of what's been done when you using a tool like a loud code in the s code. I have the ability to specify which file I in and even get information about particular lines to set this up. I'm going to use the flash I, D. E command, I can see right here. I'm connected with visual studio code now that i'm in visual studio code. We can see right here that the second that I visit a file is.
- [605.0-660.0] Right here for what's going on. This gives cloud code, the right context for which file I in. And if there are questions I have about that file, IT makes it easier for cloud code to identify that I ever want to make any changes to my cd MD file. I can manually write up if i'd like, or I can use a handy command to go ahead and use this panky and directly add to memory S, O. I'm just going to say here, always use UV to run the server. DO not use pip directly. This is a package manager in the python eco system, and I want to make sure the cloud doesn't get confused when I use the short cut. We can see there are different places where this memory can be saved. We mentioned there is the project memory that is included in git for everyone on your team to use. We have a local memory that is good, ignored, but just useful for you as the development and then user memory that is applicable to all projects you use with clock code for this one.
- [660.0-715.0] I'll just go ahead and update the project memory. I can see here. I've made that change. And if I look in my cloud MD, i'll see right here. I have some mention ons to using UV to make sure that i'm doing that correctly if I want to be more specific, I can also say, make sure to use UV to manage all dependencies. I'll at this to my cloud emd, and we'll see right here, but it's it's been added. If I take a quick look at this particular file, we can see any mention of dependencies. Now includes U. V. We spoke a little bit about some of the commands that are built into cloud code like flash. And IT. There are a couple other useful ones that I want to show case here, and in fact, are going, going to see the later on this course, we can even make our own one of the first ones. I want to walk you through is flash help.
- [715.0-770.0] This shows me right off the bat, a quick description of all the commands, and a quick summary. This is useful as you're getting up to speed with cloud code. The next one I want to show case is a command called slash, clear what this allows you to do is clear the conversation history and start from scratch. This is very helpful as you shift years and build new features. This allows you to clear the context window and start fresh if you want to continue the conversation, have a smaller context window, but still have a summary y of what's been done. We also have this command compact that allows you to clear the history, but keep a summary S, O that you can build off with class, having an idea of what was done before. One more useful command is the escape at key that allows you to get out of whatever command you're in S. O. If I am going and trying to do o something like compact, and I want to stop that process, I can always press.
- [770.0-825.0] Escape, if I start a process with code, code to explain what is in the code base, I want to stop that process. Escape will allow me to interrupt and continue on words. S, O, don't feel like you have to wait for cloud code if you're not getting what you need in the next lesson will will start using cloud code to build features, add to files, modify changes and make sure we're doing the right thing along the way before we hop off one last useful piece with cloud code is IT ability to work with ITS. O. I'd ve made some small changes to this application, and I want to add and commit these changes instead of me, manually have to write it the good commands, write a descriptive of commitment ssa's. We're going to actually have clod code D, O, that work for us. And what's really nice is cloud code ability to add and commit t the necessary comments. I'll go ahead and add this particular file of not only commit, but you can see here, i've got this really nice descriptive commit message that's.
- [825.0-880.0] Credibly useful as we start asking clock code about historical changes with good and only pushes to get up. And other people are reading the changes we make, s weady commit. And the next lesson, we've clod code to start writing lots of things for us.
