# P2 1-什么是Claude Code？ 英文字幕

## ASR 英文字幕
- [0.0-55.0] In this first lesson will go through the agents workflow of cd code, the tools that uses to navigate your cobs and the memory it keeps across sessions. Let's divin S, O, let's talk a little bit about what cloud code actually is when we talk about agenticity stems, we think a lot about a model, a set of tools and some environment to run those tools. Models are great at handling input and returning output, but in many situations, those models don't know about her code base, had a fine files and had a handle multiple tasks. S, O, instead of just talking directly to a model, we're going to provide a very late twist harness for that model. And through the commander, we're going to use that harness to leverage the models intelligence to perform complex coding tasks. So o instead of giving a.
- [55.0-110.0] Task directly to the model and trying to find all kinds of information in a code base, we're going to provide a set of tools. We're going to provide an environment and a couple other pieces of functionality to enable the model to come through code basis and solve much more complex problems. Who are those pieces of functionality that we're talking about here, enabling the model to have memory, enabling our model here to remember preferences of the user and the code base we're going through or the task hands. We're also going to give the model and environment where I can figure out what data IT means, formulated a plan and then take action with just a small amount of code we can leverage the models intelligence to achieve quite remarkable results with class code. Your options are ops or soni, depending on the complexity, the kind of task care handlin.
- [110.0-165.0] And you're subscription when we talk about what code code can do o it's very tempting to just think this is the tool for writing lots of code. But as we progress in this course or actually going to start with one of the most powerful features of cloud code, which is its ability to discover, explain and design before you start writing code with cd code, use IT as a way to get up to speed on a code base. We'll talk quite a bit about writing code with cloud code, but we'll talk about ways in which you can use IT outside of the terminal and environments like good hub will will talk a bit about revett ing debugging errors and where this tool, really sns. Not only is this useful for coding, but also across the data analysis and any environment where the models intelligence can create compelling visualizations assets or deliverables for you t.
- [165.0-220.0] We mentioned that we give the model a harness. We give the model and environment to gather context and take an action. We talked a bit about the memory that we provide to the model and in a little bit will will talk about what that underlying memory looks like. Now let's talk about the tools or additional functionality that we let the model know about to give an allus tion of tools. You can imagine that the user asks what code is written in a particular file. The model does not know, had an navigate or find files and that or tool use comes into play out of the box. Cloud code provides a relatively small list of tools. One of those being the ability to read a file now that the model knows what to do o can go ahead and read that file, get the contents of that file and return the data to a user. This ability of tools allows the model to go from a simple assistant to an extremely sophisticated.
- [220.0-275.0] Hey, jane, tool mention some of the tools that cd code comes built in with he is AA list of the tools that we have, some of those for editing across different kinds of files. Some of those for reading across different files and some for doing additional actions like finding patterns, searching things across the web and even creating or running subagent to handle very difficult and challenging tasks. Finally, since we're in the command line, we're going to need a tool that execute, bash or shell comments. Tools is what allows cloud code together, the context and information that IT needs. This allows cloud code to tackle harder problems. IT also allows code code to not have to index your entire code base and lead into potential security concerns. Finally, code code is quite extensible, while you just saw the list of tools that code code comes built in with.
- [275.0-330.0] You can also add additional tools by connecting to mcp services, M, CP or the model context perticler, an open source model, ignostic proto al, that allows for data and ai systems to communicate easily. These mcp servers can add functionality to cloud code for a variety of different tasks, and will will explore a few of them over this course. I want to take a little more time to talk about what we mean by not indexing a code base instead of creating a structured representation of the code base and constantly analyzing that code. Code instead uses a feature called agented search instead of requiring that, that code base is sent to a server and potentially leaving the eco system that iron cloud code instead uses one or many different agents and sets of tools to find what it's looking for in your code days.
- [330.0-385.0] This allows your code to not have to be completely added to context or to have to leave at the eco system that is in which can create certain security considerations. We talk about the memory of cloud or its ability to remember what has happened in previous conversations or across all kinds of actions. This is done using hamari down file called the cloud dot MD. In your cloud MD file. You can define common configurations or style guidelines. These files get automatically load into context when launched the conversation that you have with cloud code is store the locally on your machine. You can clear that over the course of a conversation, S, O, you can start with a new context window. But if for some reason, you need to continue that previous one or resume the earlier conversation, you can do OS, O easily. I'm going to head over.
- [385.0-440.0] To the terminal that I have inside of VS code, and we can see I have a folder hair called demo with nothing in IT, S. O. Let's start by opening up cloud code using the cloud command, depending on where this file is, and especially the first time IT may ask if I trust the files in this fder, which IDO, we've got a couple nice tips here for getting started, but i'm just going to start with a very simple prompt, make a cool. The realization for me. I just getting started. What we're going to see here is cloud code start to make AD list of actions to take. You can imagine this task may be to search a across the code base to edit files, to write task, to deliver insights or an arcs to create a visualization, depending on how caught is feeling. This might be particles or fireworks are something else, but I just want to show you how quickly either the box you can start to see changes with cloud code since we're doing this inside of visual studio code.
- [440.0-495.0] And cloud code has an integration with that editor. We're going to see visually the changes that are being made accept those. And in future additions, all that cloud code D, O, that without requesting permission from me, we can see here, we have a visual ization, and that is built. Let's go ahead and open it in the brothers are a cloud code to D, O. That for me, IT will confirm this is the command. Let's go see what IT looks like. And here we are with our visualization can not some particles. Les s, look at it. It better. Can tog go the animation, see what's go on and clear what we have here. We can expand on this as much as we want. We can change the functionality. We can add whatever we want right here, but I just want to show you add of the box have seen, as IT, is to get up in running with this particular tool. And the next lesson whole, explore how to use cloud code across a larger code base and take us that back and see just how powerful IT is for explaining larger and more complex code base.
