# P1 0-Introduction介绍 英文字幕

## ASR 英文字幕
- [0.0-55.0] Welcome to color the highway agency ding assistance distorter courses, build in pony's with anthropic and anthropic s eda y is back to share U. S. This practices, how to use clock code. I'm really excited this shore cause clock, cause my pressa favorite coding sun right now, and IT has posted my many other developers, protium ity, by a large margin. And IT is a tool, a lot of death towards, and S, O, want to get the air with in thropp to teach holly y. The definition, of course, on all of the most important ideas behind how they use it t in the systematic way. Thanks, Andrew. I'm excited to be back here and started like you mention from explaining what the tool is, how IT works all the way towards using IT. In parallel, many different tools, including good workers and M, C, P surfers, will seen in over the last couple years as AI assist coding has evil rafle.
- [55.0-110.0] Starts it from maybe people asking os, okay no calling questions to then get up auto complete to then you are various tools that became more more autonomy, clo. When IT was released was definitely step up in terms of the degree of agency or the amount of stuff that the coding assistant could D, O by yourself. I think many people surprise that you could said, IT, T, S, that code will work on for many minutes, sometimes even more than a few minutes. And now they are developers. They are all custrin, not just a single court instance ins, but even several of them working in parallel, different pots of a copies, but cordiner orders has to say the best practices that is not why they known. And if you have not work for people close the best practices, I think there could be a big up live store for musty these best practices and knowing how they drive that amazing furca vy that i'm seeing developers have have using.
- [110.0-165.0] Clock de S. O. As we start to talk about those best s practices, a key tip for working with clock g code is providing clear context to help clog code achieve the task you want. Official entities means pointing cloud code to the relevant files, clearly describing the features and functionality that you want and making sure that you're properly extending the capabilities of cloud code with mcp services and other tools in that ecosystem. In this course, you'll apply those best practices to three different examples. We'll start with a rag chapt, and you'll implement the features from the front end to the back end, including refectory in code writing tests and then using the good habit, a gration to work with power quests and fixing issues, you'll make use of many cloud code features like planning, thinking, moods, creating parallel sons and managing class memory. For the second example will shift ears and work with jupiters nooks to explore. E commerce. Data will refer or no books using code code.
- [165.0-220.0] Remove a dunton code and create powerful dashboards with web applications. Finally will move to create a visual muka based in figure a, and use code code. The figure M, C, P server and a different MCP server to import the design, iterate, test and build agenticity a powerful front and application if you are not currently a cocote user. I think learning this set of ideas will give you a meaningful acceleration in the way that I wish you can engineer a systems. And even if you are a current color user, I think having elshender best practices with you in a comprehensive and systematic way, well, I hope leave you with quite a few new things you try that will be useful for your work I like to send from the vai ha salomi, who had contributed IT to this course. In the next video, eli will share quote underlying category, and you might be surprised by half simple.
- [220.0-275.0] All the architectures coco realize on just a small number of tools, search for patterns within your coal files to this directory. Look at falls to regard, IT does not rely on semantic ally and bedding your code in a code base or transform a into a social structure. And one of the things I think has made cloud's effective is how I agenticity can be put your code to take notes in the far our com d to figure out automatics ly, what is going on the your copy to the drive decision making, on how to advance your code. That's right. And because of that and not having a need to index the code base, you can ensure the code base stays low. We'll talk about some of the security remaining with that, SO. Lei started, and i'll see you in the next media.
